
About the job
Experience: 2.00+ years

Salary: INR 166666-291666 / month (based on experience)

Expected Notice Period: 15 Days

Shift: (GMT+05:30) Asia/Kolkata (IST)

Opportunity Type: Remote

Placement Type: Full-time Permanent position(Payroll and Compliance to be managed by: Kaamwork)

(*Note: This is a requirement for one of Uplers' client - TripAdvisor)

What do you need for this opportunity?

Primary Skills:

ab test design, Online Business, Spark, Data Structure, Panda, Pytorch, Snowflake, Machine Learning, Problem Solving Attitude, Python, SQL

TripAdvisor is Looking for:

The Tripadvisor Data Science Team is looking for an exceptional experienced Machine Learning Scientist to help lead the design and implementation in our Vacation Rentals space. Our team is focused on solving problems in our marketplace matching the users searching for and the supply of accommodations on our platform. As a Machine Learning Scientist working in this space, you will have the opportunity to apply your modeling and data science skills to a number of different areas, with a particular focus on recommendations, system design, and A/B testing.

At Tripadvisor, the Data Science and ML Team creates systems that influence the travel decisions of millions of people per day. It applies cutting edge machine learning techniques to a wide variety of areas, including recommenders, computer vision, and natural language processing. To ensure continued success, Tripadvisor promotes a culture of personal development, including social activities, journal clubs, memberships in online learning resources, and participation in industry conferences. Have a great time while shaping the future of travel!

What You Will Be Doing:

    Seek out new opportunities to apply data science and machine learning to the business (e.g., personalized recommendations, customer modeling and retention) across the Vacation Rentals space 
    Work with other teams in solving problems and identifying opportunities
    Lead the design of machine learning models to solve a variety of core business problems for our users and advertisers
    Automate ETL pipelines
    Prototype, evaluate, deploy and maintain new models in production
    Design AB tests and analyze their results
    Discover new ways to analyze and interpret the data
    Communicate progress and interpretation of experimental results to technical and business stakeholders
    Lead the determination of next steps for each project.


Additional Notes:

What is kaamwork's role in this arrangement?

Kaamwork is the on-the-ground HR partner managing services like talent sourcing, employment contracts, payroll, and compliance. Kaamwork serves as the Employer of Record while Trip managers all work-related decisions and operations.

This Role Requires:

Qualifications:

    At least 1 year of relevant, practical experience (2 preferred).
    PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or related field preferred
    Experience with Recommender Systems
    Strong background in machine learning and statistics
    Solid foundation on data structures and algorithms
    Proficiency in Python for numerical/statistical programming (our group relies heavily on Pandas/Numpy/Scikit-learn/PyTorch)
    Ability to write complex SQL queries
    Experience with big data technologies, such as Snowflake and Spark
    Knowledge of AB test design and analysis
    Track record of leading the deployment and maintenance of models


Nice to Haves:

    Experience with online businesses.
    Familiarity with 2 sided marketplaces


What You Are Like:

    Team player
    Loves to learn
    Great communication skills with both technical and non-technical partners
    Gets things done on time and on specification
    Can work independently.


Interview Rounds:

    3 to 4


How to apply for this opportunity?

    Register or login on our portal & fill out the application form.
    Clear the given AI Screening (30 min) and Click on 'Apply' to get shortlisted
    Once it's all done, your profile will be shared with the client for the Interview round.
    When selected, just meet the client and get your exciting career started!


About our Client - TripAdvisor:

Tripadvisor, the world's largest travel guidance platform*, helps hundreds of millions of people each month** become better travelers, from planning to booking to taking a trip. Travelers across the globe use the Tripadvisor site and app to discover where to stay, what to do and where to eat based on guidance from those who have been there before. With more than 1 billion reviews and opinions of nearly 8 million businesses, travelers turn to Tripadvisor to find deals on accommodations, book experiences, reserve tables at delicious restaurants and discover great places nearby. As a travel guidance company available in 43 markets and 22 languages, Tripadvisor makes planning easy no matter the trip type.

About Uplers:

Our goal is to make hiring reliable, simple, and fast. Our role will be to help all our talents find and apply for relevant contractual onsite opportunities and progress in their career. We will support any grievances or challenges you may face during the engagement. You will also be assigned to a dedicated Talent Success Coach during the engagement.

(Note: There are many more opportunities apart from this on the portal. Depending on the assessments you clear, you can apply for them as well).

So, if you are ready for a new challenge, a great work environment, and an opportunity to take your career to the next level, don't hesitate to apply today. We are waiting for you!
Desired Skills and Experience
ab test design, Online Business, Spark, Data Structure, Panda, Pytorch, Snowflake, Machine Learning, Problem Solving Attitude, Python, SQL 